# php-test-get-your-games
1. Realized the HTML structure of the website with file inclusion (header, navabar, footer). Added a bit of CSS so it's more readable. 
2. Commented my CSS since my navbar doesn't work 🤡 It should show the connection pop up appear when clicked on the on/off logo, but it doesn't. 
3. Added a few code lines of PHP, to get it show the different titles per page (since I'm usig file inclusion it's way more comfortable). 
4. While making my sign up form, I used Bard AI to help write my SQL query. Also, I went by his solution, then realized it wasn't really what we've seen in class and not really what I was searching for. So I tried with the method of reassigning values to my keys in my array in `$stmt->execute` but realized (too late) that it wasn't keys to an array, so I decided to use the `bindValue()` method. Which still doesn't work. Then we worked on sign up forms during class, so then I was able to code something which is usable (yepee!).
5. I then wanted to do my log in. So I did the HTML structure, and went on a google search for a tutorial for the PHP/MySQL connection part. Ended finding <a href="https://phppot.com/php/user-authentication-using-php-and-mysql/">one</a> which was EXACTLY what I needed. Used the third part of the tutorial. I don't really get the `$isSuccess` variable, I'm really clueless about this one. It has a `bindParam` method, I'm currently trying to replace it by a `bindValue` method. Finally ended by using <a href="https://www.tutorialrepublic.com/php-tutorial/php-mysql-login-system.php">this</a> tutorial and everything works! 
6. Added the structure of 'browse-games.php'.
7. Started the HTML form to add games.
8. Developed the foreach to display the games in `browse-games.php` with the help of <a href="https://www.wdb24.com/php-shopping-cart-display-products-from-database/">this</a> tutorial.
9. Added a log out button (i totally forgot about this one until today...).
10. Wanted to do my DB connection of the form to add games, ended up already having one (what am I doing with my life????).
11. Re-did the log in connection bc I found out it wasn't working (💀), so with Damien we worked on it for a bit, he sended me his solution of login code but (which works for him) and still doesn't work for me? Like wtf 😭 When I connect, the `var_dump($_SESSION);` doesn't show anything even tho I added things into the associative array ???? I'm lost fr
12. Gave up here. 